Updated pace.js link (#10543)
facebook/create-react-app: docusaurus/docs/using-the-public-folder.md

- You need a file with a specific name in the build output, such as [`manifest.webmanifest`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest).
- You have thousands of images and need to dynamically reference their paths.

> - You want to include a small script like [`pace.js`](https://github.com/CodeByZach/pace) outside of the bundled code.

Reviewer: Shouldn't the link point to https://codebyzach.github.io/pace/docs/?

```suggestion
- You want to include a small script like [`pace.js`](https://codebyzach.github.io/pace/docs/) outside of the bundled code.
```
